pre-commit-ci/lite-action@5d6cc0eb514c891a40562a58a8e71576c5c7fb43



3 13 2
3 13 2
3 13 2
Python2 3 13 2
Python3 3 13 2
3 13 2
##[endgroup]
docs/requirements.txt: needs update
docs/source/conf.py: needs update
flask-docs/404.html: needs update
flask-docs/_static/basic.css: needs update
flask-docs/_static/documentation_options.js: needs update
flask-docs/_static/language_data.js: needs update
flask-docs/_static/pygments.css: needs update
flask-docs/api.html: needs update
flask-docs/appcontext.html: needs update
flask-docs/async-await.html: needs update
flask-docs/blueprints.html: needs update
flask-docs/changes.html: needs update
flask-docs/cli.html: needs update
flask-docs/config.html: needs update
flask-docs/contributing.html: needs update
flask-docs/debugging.html: needs update
flask-docs/deploying/apache-httpd.html: needs update
flask-docs/deploying/asgi.html: needs update
flask-docs/deploying/eventlet.html: needs update
flask-docs/deploying/gevent.html: needs update
flask-docs/deploying/gunicorn.html: needs update
flask-docs/deploying/index.html: needs update
flask-docs/deploying/mod_wsgi.html: needs update
flask-docs/deploying/nginx.html: needs update
flask-docs/deploying/proxy_fix.html: needs update
flask-docs/deploying/uwsgi.html: needs update
flask-docs/deploying/waitress.html: needs update
flask-docs/design.html: needs update
flask-docs/errorhandling.html: needs update
flask-docs/extensiondev.html: needs update
flask-docs/extensions.html: needs update
flask-docs/genindex.html: needs update
flask-docs/index.html: needs update
flask-docs/installation.html: needs update
flask-docs/license.html: needs update
flask-docs/lifecycle.html: needs update
flask-docs/logging.html: needs update
flask-docs/patterns/appdispatch.html: needs update
flask-docs/patterns/appfactories.html: needs update
flask-docs/patterns/caching.html: needs update
flask-docs/patterns/celery.html: needs update
flask-docs/patterns/deferredcallbacks.html: needs update
flask-docs/patterns/favicon.html: needs update
flask-docs/patterns/fileuploads.html: needs update
flask-docs/patterns/flashing.html: needs update
flask-docs/patterns/index.html: needs update
flask-docs/patterns/javascript.html: needs update
flask-docs/patterns/jquery.html: needs update
flask-docs/patterns/lazyloading.html: needs update
flask-docs/patterns/methodoverrides.html: needs update
flask-docs/patterns/mongoengine.html: needs update
flask-docs/patterns/packages.html: needs update
flask-docs/patterns/requestchecksum.html: needs update
flask-docs/patterns/singlepageapplications.html: needs update
flask-docs/patterns/sqlalchemy.html: needs update
flask-docs/patterns/sqlite3.html: needs update
flask-docs/patterns/streaming.html: needs update
flask-docs/patterns/subclassing.html: needs update
flask-docs/patterns/templateinheritance.html: needs update
flask-docs/patterns/urlprocessors.html: needs update
flask-docs/patterns/viewdecorators.html: needs update
flask-docs/patterns/wtforms.html: needs update
flask-docs/py-modindex.html: needs update
flask-docs/quickstart.html: needs update
flask-docs/reqcontext.html: needs update
flask-docs/search.html: needs update
flask-docs/searchindex.js: needs update
flask-docs/server.html: needs update
flask-docs/shell.html: needs update
flask-docs/signals.html: needs update
flask-docs/templating.html: needs update
flask-docs/testing.html: needs update
flask-docs/tutorial/blog.html: needs update
flask-docs/tutorial/database.html: needs update
flask-docs/tutorial/deploy.html: needs update
flask-docs/tutorial/factory.html: needs update
flask-docs/tutorial/index.html: needs update
flask-docs/tutorial/install.html: needs update
flask-docs/tutorial/layout.html: needs update
flask-docs/tutorial/next.html: needs update
flask-docs/tutorial/static.html: needs update
flask-docs/tutorial/templates.html: needs update
flask-docs/tutorial/tests.html: needs update
flask-docs/tutorial/views.html: needs update
flask-docs/views.html: needs update
flask-docs/web-security.html: needs update
fetching pr...
saving artifact...
artifact published!
